you should be writing about me are you
all right away what I know and you know
me supposed to be about a man who could
only feel through the characters he
creates but the keeps trying to be
something else is she there
my daughter you have kids yeah
I don't see her two years I'm sorry for
staring
marry her not
we just need to convince the judge that
you're stable enough to get visitation
again you want Julian I need to be able
to touch him he is my son yeah don't say
that his daddy's work
I need you to look at what you did I
need you to face what you can't face and
I need you to tell me the truth
you help me no questions tell me tell me
that you did
know how long she talked about showing
you how she could swim she was always
trying to get your attention all you had
to do always watch her and you couldn't
even do that a lot of muscle
come home thanks begging come with me
where anywhere
you see him again
you really don't feel a thing to you
love love it's people you don't have
time for
you